Add String Terms: C++ (#649)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/strings/terms/size/size.md

---
Title: '.size()'
Description: 'Returns the size of the string it is called on.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.size()` method finds the size of the string it is called on, in terms of bytes. The [`.length()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings/length) method functions in the same way and can be used in place of `.size()`.

Author: How about:
```suggestion
The `.size()` method returns the size of a given string in terms of bytes. It functions just like the [`.length()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings/length) method, but it's there to follow the consistency of other standard library containers (e.g., maps and [vectors](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cpp/vectors)).
```

> The `.size()` method finds the size of the string it is called on, in terms of bytes. The [`.length()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings/length) method functions in the same way and can be used in place of `.size()`.

Reviewer: Perfect!

## Syntax

```pseudo
stringName.size()
```

## Codebyte Example

> In the example below, `.size()` is called on the string variable, `bird`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, `.size()` is called on the `bird` string:
```
